Warn of the dangers of malicious text (#262)
oauth-wg/oauth-sd-jwt-vc: draft-ietf-oauth-sd-jwt-vc.md

the metadata server is temporarily unavailable and avoid privacy issues as
described in (#privacy-preserving-retrieval-of-type-metadata).

> ## Risks Associated with Displaying Textual Information {#risks-displaying-textual-information}
> 
> The `display` property in the Type Metadata allows providers of metadata to
> specify human-readable labels and descriptions for claims. Likewise, `name` and
> `description` can contain arbitrary textual information that may be displayed to
> developers. As such, any consuming application MUST ensure that maliciously
> crafted information cannot be used to compromise the security of the application
> or the privacy of the user. To this end, the following considerations apply:
> 
> - The consuming application MUST ensure that the text is properly escaped before
>   displaying it to the user or transferring it into other contexts. For example,
>   if the data is displayed in an HTML document, the text MUST be properly
>   escaped to prevent Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) attacks.
> - The consuming application MUST ensure that the display of the user interface
>   elements cannot be distorted by overly long text or special characters.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Risks Associated with Textual Information {#risks-textual-information}

Some claims in the SD-JWT VC and properties in the Type Metadata, e.g., `display`, allows issuers and providers of metadata to
specify human-readable information. These can contain arbitrary textual information that
may be displayed to developers. As such, any consuming application MUST ensure that maliciously
crafted information cannot be used to compromise the security of the application
or the privacy of the user. To this end, the following considerations apply:

- The consuming application MUST ensure that the text is properly escaped before
  displaying it to the user or transferring it into other contexts. For example,
  if the data is displayed in an HTML document, the text MUST be properly
  escaped to prevent Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) attacks.
- The consuming application MUST ensure that the display of the user interface
  elements cannot be distorted by overly long text or special characters.
```
